huh
welcome back to my channel so I'm
excited to be here today because I know
I haven't actually made a legit video
for you guys in quite a while
and I'm just excited to be back and to
share this with you guys this is a quick
fun simple and easy hair tutorial I know
a lot of you guys really enjoy my head
tutorials and I really like making them
for you so if you have I will say this
at the beginning if you have any any any
requests or suggestions for more
upcoming tutorials leave them in the
comment section below just type a quick
little comment to me to let me know what
you guys would like me to film that is
he related so as you can see by the
title this is a easy path for natural
hair or short natural hair I still
consider my answer here to be quite
short I'm like coming out of the
in-between phase but I still feel like
I'm in that in-between phase because of
certain things that I can't do
due to my hair length like I'm
restricted in certain areas so I still
do consider myself being in the
in-between phase and the pot hairstyle
is extremely helpful when it comes to a
day away I'm having just a terrible hair
day I'm in a rush or you know somebody
asked me to go out like half an hour
before they come pick me up and they
don't give me enough time to style this
yes so um I thought this would be
helpful for you guys and I also want to
say thank you to Sharon and C Ron who
both have YouTube channels I will link
them down below for requesting this
particular video
for you guys I know it may seem simple
and that's why I was added on to film it
even before they requested it but since
they did I thought it would be fun and a
cool idea to give to you guys in the
video phone don't forget to Like comment
and subscribe when you're done watching
the video thank you for giving me I
think we're at 1,200 subscribers lemme
check yes currently as you speak I'm at
1250 for subscribers just checked it on
my phone just got a snap sorry but I
just checked it on my phone and I just
want to say thank you guys so much and I
know my friends are like laughing at me
because in my last video where I said
thank you guys for thousand subscribers
I was so like like bored about it but no
thank you so much I'm so excited I'm so
so yeah I'm bad at expressing emotions
on camera I'm sorry um so yeah they fly
around on any longer I hope you guys
enjoy and I'll see you guys my next one
bye hi guys so as most hairstyles start
off they don't really look so good but I
did bleach a small part of my hair just
wanted to show you guys that simple
small details so the first thing I'm
gonna do is start off by telling you
guys what you need for this hair cell
which would be gel a leave-in
conditioner if you want to define your
ends or even a curling cream this one is
by con 2 then you would need a shrink or
headband or head tie of some sorts I'm
going to be using a scarf a small scar
for my path so I'm gonna start by using
my gel and taking a brush first I'm
gonna smooth the gel around the
perimeter of my head because I need my
edges to be laid and slick and look good
because this is more so a slick kind of
hairstyle at least wear your edges are
concerned so I'm taking the gel and then
smoothing on my edges with my brush to
make sure that everything is laid
underneath
I'm taking modulo and placing it in the
back of my head to further smooth my
hair and all of my edges and I'm taking
the brush again to make sure that
everything is laid
then I'm just going to again brush out
the entire perimeter of my head and
finally I'm gonna take my headscarf it's
just a really small head scarf and I
fold it to make it like one straight tie
so that it would be easy for me to tie
my head with and I place it to the front
of my head and behind my ears and then
I'm gonna turn around to show you guys
how I tie it I just make a small knot in
the back tighten it then I push up the
front of this scarf just to make sure
that everything is tight and secured and
then I just continue to pull it tighter
and tighter and tighter the tighter you
pull the smaller your puff will be so
just keep that in mind
I wanted a medium sized puff not too big
not too small so that's basically the
size that I'm going to be sticking with
so then I just adjust or make sure that
everything looks okay
then I'm going to make another knot and
use the remainder of the scarf and tie
that in a bow just to secure the rest of
the headscarf and you could also bobby
pin it to your head if you don't want to
show any parts of this scarf any
flyaways or frizzy parts you could use
the curling cream or leave-in
conditioner at this time but I just
talked mine away because I prefer the
afro look today some days I go for the
more defined puffs which I could do in a
separate tutorial which is the washing
go post so now I'm taking some coconut
oil because I thought that my puffs
looked really dry and it lacked that
shine and luster now for the fun part
I'm going to actually you know do just
select my edges down because it just
looks better to me this just is just
that is just my preference so I'm going
to take my toothbrush and gel an old
toothbrush I don't use this in my mouth
and slick my edges down
I'm also going to take some pieces at
the side I'm just make those a little
modified and that is basically my result
I hope you guys enjoy I love doing this
puff because it's just really easy and
simple and yeah bye guys